README.md, before:

# Code 102: Fundamentals of Code

Welcome to Code 102! We're going to spend five nights covering the essentials of JavaScript, Git and the command line. By the end of this week you'll have leveled up your development skills -- whether you're heading into the 201, testing into the 301, or just trying to get a head start on self-study.

## Class Schedule
* [Monday](schedule/monday.md)
* [Tuesday](schedule/tuesday.md)
* [Wednesday](schedule/wednesday.md)
* [Thursday](schedule/thursday.md)
* [Friday](schedule/friday.md)

## Resources
* Keyboard Shortcuts
  * [Mac](http://www.danrodney.com/mac/)
  * [Windows](http://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-keyboard-shortcuts-windows/)
* Text Editors
  * [The Basics of vi](http://www.bsdguides.org/2004/the-basics-of-vi/)
  * [The Basics of nano](https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Nano/Basics_Guide)
* Visual Studio Code
  * [The Basics of Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/codebasics)
  * [VS Code Key Bindings](http://www.hongkiat.com/blog/key-binding-management-visual-studio-code/)
* Bash
  * [Easy Bash PS1 Prompt Generator](https://ezprompt.net)
  * [Bash Guide for Beginners](http://tille.garrels.be/training/bash/)
  * [Sample Bash Aliases file](code/bash_aliases.md)
* Git
  * [Git Documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs)
  * [Git Cheat Sheet](https://www.git-tower.com/blog/git-cheat-sheet/)
  * [How to Write a Git Commit Message](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
* [Mastering Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

Commit message:

Change README with some different text

README.md, after:

# Code 102: Fundamentals of Code - some text on the master branch

Welcome to Code 102! We're going to spend five nights covering the essentials of JavaScript, Git and the command line. By the end of this week you'll have leveled up your development skills -- whether you're heading into the 201, testing into the 301, or just trying to get a head start on self-study.

## Class Schedule
* [Monday](schedule/monday.md)
* [Tuesday](schedule/tuesday.md)
* [Wednesday](schedule/wednesday.md)
* [Thursday](schedule/thursday.md)
* [Friday](schedule/friday.md)

## Resources
* Keyboard Shortcuts
  * [Mac](http://www.danrodney.com/mac/)
  * [Windows](http://www.hongkiat.com/blog/100-keyboard-shortcuts-windows/)
* Text Editors
  * [The Basics of vi](http://www.bsdguides.org/2004/the-basics-of-vi/)
  * [The Basics of nano](https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/Nano/Basics_Guide)
* Visual Studio Code
  * [The Basics of Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/editor/codebasics)
  * [VS Code Key Bindings](http://www.hongkiat.com/blog/key-binding-management-visual-studio-code/)
* Bash
  * [Easy Bash PS1 Prompt Generator](https://ezprompt.net)
  * [Bash Guide for Beginners](http://tille.garrels.be/training/bash/)
  * [Sample Bash Aliases file](code/bash_aliases.md)
* Git
  * [Git Documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs)
  * [Git Cheat Sheet](https://www.git-tower.com/blog/git-cheat-sheet/)
  * [How to Write a Git Commit Message](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
* [Mastering Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
